ROCM-26483: update changelog to reflect cooperative_groups::reduce() … (#8243)
ROCm/rocm-systems: projects/clr/CHANGELOG.md

* Enhanced debug information for illegal memory access errors. In multi-node and multi-GPU environments, it can be difficult to identify the source of a fault.
The HIP runtime now includes the hostname, GPU index, and kernel name in GPU fault error messages, improving issue identification and debugging.

### Known issues

> * `cooperative_groups::reduce` will not work correctly with block dimensions whose .y or .z component is different from one, leading to incorrect results or kernel launch failures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

* `cooperative_groups::reduce` may produce incorrect results or fail to launch kernels when used with block dimensions whose .y or .z components are not equal to 1.
```

Author: Ok, reworded now
